wasted the vampire look with k-beauty
spot we will do the side together I'm
going to start with a white cream color
by Crayola on an angled brush we are
just going to line the lower waterline
to make brilliant wife you can also use
a white pencil and just go slightly in
the corner
like so next I'm going to use a cream
color by benefit in color birthday suit
it's a kind of a creamy VEISHEA color
with a slight hidden essence we are just
going to put it all over late
then I'm going to take an iridescent
white color this color here on an
eyeshadow brush and just place it in the
inner corner of the eye also right in
the middle of the lid to give a point of
highlight
and softly blend with a blending brush
to make a nice gradual she gently line
along the upper lash line also placed on
it it doesn't wipe just under the brown
on the brow bone next we're going to
take a mushroom brown color this girl
right here on another eyeshadow brush
and we are just going to place an outer
corner of eye slightly gradually coming
inwards when just above the crease mush
wrong
or slightly upwards to join with ground
out edge slightly upwards oh and the way
the edges so tomorrow sudden I just hear
my mouse next I'm going to use a two
three one brush by Mac and put a little
more much brown color and just line the
lower lash line here we want to the
inner corner slightly outwards and go
over so the color gradually goes
downwards and the same two three one
brush I'm going to use a matte black
color and very gently just on the outer
corner align the lower lash line to give
us light darkness here and with the map
like we are also going to just go above
the crease of the eye I reject the
darkening the light and we're going to
bun
but cheeks I'm going to use this kind of
a muted thunk are just along the
cheekbone and blend the color in I'm
going to line the lips in a color by
Sephora it's a palm color number nine
wasn't plum
and fill the lips in with the color
we are going to fill in with a color but
it's a llama it is a Roche personal
multi finish lipstick in number 25
there you are you are ready to be a
vampire